Overview
========

Welcome to this project for ETL pipeline using Apache Airflow! This project was generated by creating a Python script that fetches stock market data from the Polygon API and loads it into a SQLite database. By default, this directory includes one example DAG:
    - `market_dag.py`: This DAG shows an ETL pipeline example that queries historical market data for a specified stock ticker (in this case, 'AMZN') using the Polygon.io API. The DAG uses the TaskFlow API to define tasks in Python, and it transforms and loads the fetched data into an SQLite database.

Project Contents
================

Your project contains the following files and folders:

- dags: This folder contains the Python files for your Airflow DAGs.
    - `market_dag.py`: The main DAG file that fetches stock market data using Polygon.io API, flattens it, and loads it into an SQLite database.
- .env: Environment variables file containing the API key for accessing the Polygon.io API.
- README.md: This file providing a brief overview of your project, how to run it locally, and details about the DAG.

Deploy Your Project Locally
===========================

1. Start Airflow on your local machine by running 'astro dev start'.

This command will spin up 4 Docker containers on your machine, each for a different Airflow component:

- Postgres: Airflow's Metadata Database
- Webserver: The Airflow component responsible for rendering the Airflow UI
- Scheduler: The Airflow component responsible for monitoring and triggering tasks
- Triggerer: The Airflow component responsible for triggering deferred tasks

2. Verify that all 4 Docker containers were created by running 'docker ps'.

Note: Running 'astro dev start' will start your project with the Airflow Webserver exposed at port 8080 and Postgres exposed at port 5432. If you already have either of those ports allocated, you can either [stop your existing Docker containers or change the port](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/cli/troubleshoot-locally#ports-are-not-available-for-my-local-airflow-webserver).

3. Access the Airflow UI for your local Airflow project. To do so, go to http://localhost:8080/ and log in with 'admin' for both your Username and Password.

You should also be able to access your Postgres Database at 'localhost:5432/postgres'.

Deploy Your Project to Astronomer
=================================

If you have an Astronomer account, pushing code to a Deployment on Astronomer is simple. For deploying instructions, refer to Astronomer documentation: https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/deploy-code/

Contact
=======

This project is maintained with love by the individual developer. To report a bug or suggest a change, reach out to the developer.
